docs: Add global environments in setup-pixi (#4627)
prefix-dev/pixi: docs/integration/ci/github_actions.md

!!!warning "Caching behavior if you don't specify environments"
    If you don't specify any environment, the `default` environment will be installed and cached, even if you use other environments.

### Global Environments

You can specify `pixi global install` commands by setting the `global-environments` input argument.

> This will create one environement per line, install them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create one environement per line, and install them.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This will create one environment per line, and install them.
```
